The curriculum tab in the course author menu is where
you will edit your course structure and course content.
Remember,
Torus follows a default hierarchy
of units,
modules,
sections.
Where a unit contains multiple modules,
a module can contain multiple sections.
Units,
modules,
and sections can all contain pages with course content.
If you want,
you can rename these containers and overview
to better fit your course structure.
To set the structure of your course,
you can start by creating a unit.
Click
"create a unit",
your unit will be created
with the default name "Unit1: Unit".
Torus numbers the units automatically.
As to create or rearrange more units,
Torus will update the numbering accordingly.
To change the name of the unit,
click the drop down menu
and click "options",
then change the title
and click "save".
Inside your unit,
you can create a module.
Following the same steps you use to create a unit,
then inside of the module,
you can create a section.
Again following the same steps you use to create a unit.
You can create as many units,
modules and sections as you need for your course structure.
You can also create pages at any level of the structure.
Inside of a section,
a module,
a unit,
or at the top level of your curriculum.